boards: nrf9160dk: Change default revision to 0.14.0 (#57518)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/release-notes-3.4.rst

* Made these changes for ARM boards:

  * Changed the default board revision to 0.14.0 for the Nordic boards
    ``nrf9160dk_nrf9160`` and ``nrf9160dk_nrf52840``. To build for an

>     older revision of the nrf9160dk without external flash, specify an
>     older board revision when building.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    older revision of the nRF9160 DK without external flash, specify that
    older board revision when building.
```

>   * Enable external_flash_pins_routing switch in ``nrf9160dk_nrf52840`` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Enabled external_flash_pins_routing switch in ``nrf9160dk_nrf52840`` by default.
```
